pitr: added newer pitr & tiflash adapt information (#10406)
pingcap/docs: br/point-in-time-recovery.md

- You can use Amazon S3 or a shared filesystem (such as NFS) to store the backup data. Currently, GCS and Azure Blob Storage are not supported.
- You can only perform cluster-level PITR. Database-level and table-level PITR are not supported.
- You cannot restore data in the user tables or the privilege tables.

> - If the backup cluster has a TiFlash replica, after you perform PITR, the restoration cluster does not contain the data in the TiFlash replica. Instead, it takes a certain period of time for the data to be replicated from TiKV nodes. For this reason, TiFlash is not immediately available after PITR is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the backup cluster has a TiFlash replica, after you perform PITR, the restoration cluster does not contain the data in the TiFlash replica. Instead, it takes a certain period of time for the data to be replicated from TiKV nodes. For this reason, TiFlash is not immediately available after PITR completes data restore.
```
